[component specs] Cross link from component spec index pages to set up pages (#3687)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-bindings/_index.md

no_list: true
---

> The following table lists input and output bindings supported, at various levels, by the Dapr bindings building block. [Learn how to set up different input and output binding components for Dapr bindings.]({{< ref setup-bindings.md >}})

Reviewer: What did you mean by "at various levels"? Do you mean certification status? As in 
"The following table lists input and output bindings with that can be used by the bindings building block API with their certification status."

Author: I don't remember, honestly - I'll just remove that phrase.

{{< partial "components/description.html" >}}

> Every binding has its own unique set of properties. Click the name link to see the component YAML for each binding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every binding component has its own set of properties. Click the name link to see the component specification for each binding.
```
